Adding research infrastructure roles image (#3384)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/research-infrastructure-roles.md

(cl-research-infrastructure-roles)=

> ```{figure} ../../figures/researchers-environment*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{figure} ../../figures/researchers-environment.*
```

Author: Thank you!

---
height: 500px
name: researchers-environment

> alt: The image is a complex amalgamation of people places and things. At the top of the image is a header that states "RESEARCHERS'" and at the bottom is a footer stating "ENVIRONMENT". The image contains the following. In the top left is a person in a construction crane carrying a series of ones and zeroes wearing a hard-hat looking down. They are labeled "Research Software Engineer". In the bottom left, we see an older man with a cane scratching his head looking at a math formula sketched onto the side of a building. Next to him is two pink fluffy rams. One is trapped insight of a light bulb. I hope they manage to escape... This scene is labeled "Research Application Managers". In the top right is a woman in a pink shirt sketching ones and zeroes onto the side of a bridge who is labeled "Data Stewards". In the bottom right is a series of cylinders with little stick figures climbing up ladders to a light bulb that is labeled "Useful Projects". They are being looked upon by a slightly amused looking man with short dark hair.

Reviewer 2: Maybe the woman should be named "Data Steward" since it's only one (although I realise the text says "Data stewards"...)

> alt: The image is a complex amalgamation of people places and things. At the top of the image is a header that states "RESEARCHERS'" and at the bottom is a footer stating "ENVIRONMENT". The image contains the following. In the top left is a person in a construction crane carrying a series of ones and zeroes wearing a hard-hat looking down. They are labeled "Research Software Engineer". In the bottom left, we see an older man with a cane scratching his head looking at a math formula sketched onto the side of a building. Next to him is two pink fluffy rams. One is trapped insight of a light bulb. I hope they manage to escape... This scene is labeled "Research Application Managers". In the top right is a woman in a pink shirt sketching ones and zeroes onto the side of a bridge who is labeled "Data Stewards". In the bottom right is a series of cylinders with little stick figures climbing up ladders to a light bulb that is labeled "Useful Projects". They are being looked upon by a slightly amused looking man with short dark hair.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
alt: The image is a complex amalgamation of people places and things, resembling an urban area with construction happening, in a colour scheme of pink, grey, black, and white. At the top of the image is a header that states "RESEARCHERS" and at the bottom is a footer stating "ENVIRONMENT". The image contains the following. In the top left is a person in a construction crane carrying a series of ones and zeroes wearing a hard-hat looking down. They are labeled "Research Software Engineer". In the bottom left, we see an older man with a cane scratching his head looking at a math formula sketched onto the side of a building. Next to him is two pink fluffy rams. One is trapped insight of a light bulb. I hope they manage to escape... This scene is labeled "Research Application Managers". In the top right is a woman in a pink shirt sketching ones and zeroes onto the side of a bridge who is labeled "Data Stewards". In the bottom right is a series of cylinders with little stick figures climbing up ladders to a light bulb that is labeled "Useful Projects". They are being looked upon by a slightly amused looking man with short dark hair.
```
